Restaurant Page - JS: reword instructions to accommodate for HtmlWebpack behaviour (#26361)
TheOdinProject/curriculum: javascript/organizing_your_javascript_code/project_restaurant_page.md

1. Create a bare-bones homepage for a restaurant. Include an image, headline, and some copy about how wonderful the restaurant is. It’s okay to hard-code these into the HTML for now just to see how they look on the page.

> 1. Now remove those elements from the HTML (so leave only the `<html>` and `<body>`tags) and instead create them by using JavaScript only, e.g. by appending each new element to the body once the page is first loaded. 

Reviewer: Maybe I'm misunderstanding something, but if the learner is using HtmlWebpackPlugin and it's generating the index.html file why do we want to specify that any elements should be left in it?

Author: Good point!

Author: This was in the original lesson; probably in case the learner isn't using te HtmlWebPackPlugin. Removing the callout for all of the elements to be retained is probably a good idea in order to encourage using it.

>     1. If you're using the `HtmlWebpack`, you will need to edit your `src/index.js` file to insert the `div#content` into the body; the webpack creates a blank HTML page whic will remove your `div#content`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1. If you're using the `HtmlWebpackPlugin`, you will need to edit your `src/index.js` file to insert the `div#content` into the body; Webpack creates a new HTML page which will remove your `dist/index.html` file.
```

The previously mentioned edits from @Baguirre03, with a couple new ones from me to improve clarity as the page won't (at least I don't think) be blank, and it will replace the whole file rather than just that specific section.

We might need to change this a lot more depending on what changes we make to the top level bullet here though.

1. Create a bare-bones homepage for a restaurant. Include an image, headline, and some copy about how wonderful the restaurant is. It’s okay to hard-code these into the HTML for now just to see how they look on the page.

> 1. Now remove those elements from the HTML and instead create them by using JavaScript only, e.g. by appending each new element to the body once the page is first loaded. 

Reviewer: I might just not be understanding what you're intending, but why do we need learners to delete individual elements from their HTML file if in the next step they'll be deleting it?
